feat: Add combobox system (#2083)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/combobox/README.md

# Canvas Kit Combobox

Combobox

> View the [documentation for Combobox](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/combobox-react)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the [documentation for Combobox](https://workday.github.io/canvas-kit/?path=/docs/features-combobox--autocomplete)
```

on Storybook.

> 
> [> Workday Design Reference: Combobox](https://design.workday.com/components/)

Reviewer 2: No point in this line being here.
```suggestion
```
